to call this new Valparaiso line up
versatile would be an understatement
these garments are designed to be used
in all seasons in any riding conditions
and have all the features of a true
adventurers riding gear hey everybody
I'm Louie I'm a motorcycle gear expert
here at Jafra welcome to our closer look
at how pine stars new Valparaiso dry
star jacket and pants available here at
Jeff from calm the Valparaiso jacket and
pants are part of Alpinestars tech
touring line and are constructed using a
multitude of textile materials they're
available in sizes small through Forex
and come in three colorways including
grey blue red and sand this light gray
dark gray and black and an all black
version the jacket features abrasion and
tear resistant panels and has numerous
points of adjustability including waist
and arm belts and a pull cord at the
waist
there are flex areas and elbows and
shoulders for increased comfort and
reduced fatigue and the main closure
features a 2-way YKK zipper and the
balance of the shells zippers are all
water-resistant the front of the shell
features four pockets and two large
vents at the upper pocket is water
resistant and the zipper is equipped
with a retainer to keep it from creeping
open and letting water in and the lower
pocket has an overlapping flap system
with a hook and loop closure for easy
access
above the pockets are these vents and
these are part of what Alpinestars calls
the jet ventilation system you can open
these up and fasten the cover flap out
of the way to expose a highly breathable
mesh panel there's more ventilation to
be found on the sleeves this two-way
zipper allows for easy on and off and
the adjustment of the vent opening to
optimize air flow on the back of the
shell you'll find another component of
this jet ventilation system unzipping
this pocket exposes another large mesh
panel designed to maximize airflow
throughout the jacket on warm days near
the bottom you have another large pocket
with a double flap hook and loop closure
that is garnished with a reflective
alpinestars monogram as you open up the
jacket you'll find the valparaíso z'
waterproof pocket this is a great place
for your wallet and or iphone the liners
of this jacket are what set it apart
amongst other touring or adventure
jackets now this system allows the
jacket to be used in almost any weather
the inner most liner is a sonic quilted
full sleeve thermal liner for warmth and
has a large
to remove it just unzip each side of the
chest the sleeves are held in with a
loop and snap the liner is then free
from the rest of the jacket next you can
see the dry star waterproof breathable
membrane this membrane is alpinestars
design and lets water vapor out but
that's not allow water droplets in so
you stay cool and dry and this liner
features a water resistant pocket and is
removed in the same manner as the
thermal liner the zippers on the two
liners are the same as well so you can
use any combination of them depending on
the weather conditions removing this
liner exposes three additional pockets
in the shell and the removable chest
protector inside on the back you can see
the back pad and the full circumference
if ur for attaching your riding pants to
the jacket alright let's take a look at
these pants the valparaíso pants support
these very handy removable suspenders
and featured the same durable materials
and abrasion and tear resistant panels
as the jacket the thighs of the legs
feature overlapping flap style closures
on the pockets and these water resistant
zipper vents and there are soft
protective pads in the hips and cee
approved armor in the knees similar to
the jacket the legs featured two ways
zippered gussets to promote easy on and
off and airflow the lower zipper pull
tab is captured by this hook and loop
adjuster and there are flex panels and
high vis panels in the knees on the back
of the pant you can see more of the
abrasion and tear resistant panels and
the full circumference if ur for
attaching the jacket now inside the
pants you can see the 3/4 removable
quilted thermal liner and this liner is
easily removed by unzipping it at the
top and unsnapping it just below the
knee to reduce bulk and promote mobility
the dry star waterproof breathable
membrane is fixed into the pant and is
not removable thanks for joining me for
this closer look at Alpinestars
Valparaiso dry star jacket and pants to
see more Alpinestars items subscribe to
our YouTube channel
JAF from videos or click the link below
to go to our website check out our
Facebook page for special offers and
Rider news and remember when it comes to
our customers we'll ride the extra mile
I'm Louie and you'll see me next time